feat: serverless ip firewall for public endpoint (#20494)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/configure-ip-access-list.md

> **Note:**
>

> > This document applies to [**TiDB Cloud Dedicated**](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated). For instructions on configuring an IP access list for **TiDB Cloud Serverless**, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Serverless via Public Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/networking-public.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document applies to [**TiDB Cloud Dedicated**](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated). For instructions on configuring an IP access list for **TiDB Cloud Serverless**, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Serverless via Public Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-public-endpoint-connections-serverless.md).
```

> > This document applies to [**TiDB Cloud Dedicated**](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated). For instructions on configuring an IP access list for **TiDB Cloud Serverless**, see [Connect to TiDB Cloud Serverless via Public Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-public-endpoint-connections-serverless.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document applies to [**TiDB Cloud Dedicated**](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated). For instructions on configuring an IP access list for **TiDB Cloud Serverless**, see [Configure Firewall Rules for Public Endpoints](/tidb-cloud/configure-serverless-firewall-rules-for-public-endpoints.md).
```
